Belgrade's other firm though were not as
shy as their city rivals the Gua berry
or gravediggers of partisan belgrade
were more than happy to welcome us and
show us what they're like 20 year old
Kimmy first but with a grubber II when
he was full in and now he's about to
stand trial for being involved in
fighting of football he's a member of a
smaller group within the Gua berry
called Alcatraz we are Alcatraz we are
part of robbery we are the strongest
rope on South driven and probably on
welcome every month the coop we family
get together for a party there's food
drink drugs and karaoke
but it's not all fun and games because
this lot are armed and dangerous when we
hear what weapons we find the weapon
sight Kevin telepathy if I did know
works the grabbe we've always up for it
especially when it comes to their
neighbors red star there's always
trouble and today is Darby day it's
Saturday 1pm and in the streets around
Parsons grande fans are starting to
arrive although they may be slightly
outnumbered by the old bill johnny is
one of the top boys of Alcatraz and here
in the LEDs are ready and waiting
we don't such poor result we have our
game that's most important than the
football most important for us in our
design for us football is life we are
fighting for the name partisan and
global but nick of time the huge police
presence the so far been successful and
keeping the fans apart but that's no
guarantee that the game will pass off
with our serious incident at this ground
in 1999 a ship in flare was fired from
the Gua Bri end into the Delhi air
killing red star fan Alexander renovage